---
title: Support Clayman
permalink: /support
---
### Support Clayman development!

If you want to **support** **Clayman development** and new features, take a minute and consider one of the following license models.
For specific license models and usage scenarios please shoot me an email at aleks@clayman.app



<div class="block column is-4" style="float: left;">
<b>Freelance license and Student License</b>
<p style="font-size: 36pt;padding: 0px; margin:0px">
Free
</p>
<p style="font-size: 10pt;">
<b>Freelance license</b> or <b>Student License</b> entitles you to use Clayman for commercial and non-commercial work usage scenarios.
Freelance license and Student License are free and valid while you are a solo or a freelance artist or while attending University.
<br>
<br>
There is no time limit on the Freelance license and Student License.
<b>License is tied to your email address.</b>
<br>
<br>
If you change your status, or earn money, please consider supporting Clayman.
<br>
<br>
</p>
</div>


<div class="block column is-4" style="float: left;">
<b>Studio License</b>
<p style="font-size: 36pt;padding: 0px; margin:0px">
Paid per seat
</p>
<p style="font-size: 10pt;">
If you are a studio and you earn money, you usualy pay for pipeline development or you have technical director / technical artists hires, you should ask for a <b>Studio license</b>.<br><br>

Studio License entitles you to use Clayman for commercial and non-commercial work and usage scenarios.
<br><br>
<b>Studio License is valid for 1 year and tied to your email address.</b>
<br><br>
</p>
</div>


<div class="column is-4" style="float: left;">
<b>Clayman Club License</b>
<p style="font-size: 36pt;padding: 0px; margin:0px">
Awarded
</p>
<p style="font-size: 10pt;">
If you realy want to <b>show your gratitude towards work put into Clayman</b> you can posibly earn one <b>Clayman Club License</b> doing the following:<br>
  - writing me a nice email with an <b>honest review</b> which Clayman can then showcase on clayman.app website<br>
  - donating to the <b>Clayman Club Buy Monte Carlo Villa Funds Club</b><br>
  - generaly being a <b>good person</b>
<br><br>

Clayman Club License entitles you to use Clayman for commercial and non-commercial work and usage scenarios.
<br><br>
Clayman Club License is valid forever and tied to your email address.
<br><br>
</p>
</div>

**Clayman in Production**
<p style="font-size: 10pt;">
You used <b>Clayman in production</b> and you want to show off your work? Great! Shoot Clayman a message and he will add you to the site!
</p>